update nodejs doc (#829)
jdx/mise: docs/node.md

Behind the scenes, rtx uses [`node-build`](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build) to install pre-compiled binaries and compile from source if necessary. You can check its [README](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build/blob/master/README.md) for additional settings and some troubleshooting.

## Requirements

> rtx use node-build to install nodejs runtimes, you need to ensure [dependencies](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build/wiki#suggested-build-environment) installed before installing python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtx uses [node-build](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build) to install nodejs runtimes, you need to ensure the [dependencies](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build/wiki#suggested-build-environment) are installed before installing python.
```

> rtx uses [node-build](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build) to install nodejs runtimes, you need to ensure the [dependencies](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build/wiki#suggested-build-environment) are installed before installing python.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rtx uses [node-build](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build) to install node runtimes, you need to ensure the [dependencies](https://github.com/nodenv/node-build/wiki#suggested-build-environment) are installed before installing node.
```
